When serena william won the first champion
result of the match between MU - Fulham?
result of the match between MU and Fulham?
news about MU and Asernal
news about MU, Asernal, Liverpool, Fulham
news about MU, Asernal, Liverpool and Fulham
news about MU and Asernal and Liverpool and Fulham
news about Lionel Messi
match between MU and Arsenal
news about the match between MU and Arsenal
news of the match between MU and Arsenal  
Which goals had been scored by Wayne Rooney in Premier League 2013?
Which goals had been scored by Wayne Rooney in Premier League?
Which team Lionel Messi had played for three times?
Which goals has been scored by Wayne Rooney in Premier League 2013?
Which goals was scored by Wayne Rooney in Premier League 2013?
How Many Goals Has Wayne Rooney Scored This Season?
How many goals did Fernando Torres score in Premier League 2013?
How many goals did Lionel Messi score yesterday?
Which teams did Lionel Messi play for?
Which event relate to Lionel Messi?
Which event relate to Lionel Messi and MU and Liverpool?
Which event relate to FIFA?
Latest news about MU!
Latest news about Premier League!
Latest news about Lionel Messi!
Result of the match between MU and Arsenal!
Result of the match between MU - Arsenal!
Result of the match of MU and Arsenal!
I'd like to know about Lionel Messi!
I want to know about MU!
I want to know about Lionel Messi?
I wanna know about Lionel Messi?
Show me latest news!
Show me latest news about Lionel Messi!
Tell me result of MU - Arsenal!
Report me latest event in MU - Asenal! 
Give me latest news today!
Give me thing about Wayne Rooney!
What did Lionel Messi do last week?
Which match did Cristiano Ronaldo play in yesterday?
news related to Lionel Messi!
news related to Ho Chi Minh!
News related to Lionel Messi!
News related to Alex Ferguson!
How many players of Chelsea played yesterday?
Person scored hat tricks for Arsenal?
Show me news about Lionel Messi?
Show me news about hattricks of Lionel Messi?

Where was World Cup 2014 organized at?
Did Real Mandrid win Bayern Munick yesterday?
Which team has contract with Lionel Messi?

About whom did Lionel Messi talk?
Who did Lionel Messi talk about?

what's new?
what's news?
what's news in today?
what are news about Lionel Messi?
what is team of Lionel Messi?
Which news contains at least 2 teams?

which news refer to the match of MU and Arsenal?
which news refer to Lionel Messi?
which news contains Lionel Messi?
which news focus on Lionel Messi?
which news talk about Lionel Messi?
which news is published today?
who oversaw the match yesterday?

who is coach of MU?
# null error due to non recognized concept manager
who is manager of MU?
did MU win 22nd Premier League title?

was Barcenola defeated by MU? 
which team won Premier League 2013's championship?
Where is Emirates Stadium located in?
Where does Premier League 2013 take place in?
Where will Premier League 2013 be held in?
what's FIFA?
what is World Cup?


did Lionel Messi and Wayne Rooney play the match yesterday?
Who scored hattricks for Arsenal yesterday?
When did Wayne Rooney score the last goal in MU - Arsenal?
whose goal made the victory of Chelsea yesterday?
Which team won yesterday?

(google xem gợi ý đầy đủ để tìm nhiều mẫu câu hỏi)
Tin tức về vụ chuyển nhượng của ABC đến Real Mandrid
MU mua ...
Ai ghi bàn trong trận đấu Arsenal - MU
Arsenal - MU
Ai có phong độ tốt trong trận đấu


#Premier League
#the last match

#What she said is not true
#He seem good man.
#The man has been killed by the police.
#Emirates Stadium locate in Milan.
#Last night, I swam in the pool
What Arsel Wenger said about the next match
What Arsel Wenger believe about MU
What Arsel Wenger claim about MU
Ai ghi bàn trong trận đấu ABC
Who scored in the match ABC
Who produced the most films
Did Wayne Rooney dispute with Alex Ferguson?
Who disputed with Alex Ferguson?
Wayne Rooney disputed with whom?
Whom did Wayne Rooney dispute with?

Who defeated Swansea?
Did Arsenal defeat Swansea?
Whom did Arsenal defeat?
What happen with Lionel Messi?
###
What happen with Lionel Messi?
Who is Selena Williams?
which club will MU meet next match?
when did Lionel Messi score last goal in MU and Arsenal?
who did Lionel Messi talk about?
Which event relate to Lionel Messi and Liverpool?